# Privacy Policy

Bo Han built the Lovely July app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Bo Han at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my app.

If you choose to use my app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. I do not collect any personal identifiable information. I will not use or share your information with anyone.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Lovely July unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

I do not collect any personal identifiable information. The app usage will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

## Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
